docs: remove API registry related features (#2049)
Redocly/redocly-cli: CONTRIBUTING.md

   This triggers a release of the current branch changes to the **NPM** registry under the `snapshot` tag.

The released version can be installed with `npm install @redocly/cli@snapshot`.

### Release a V1 version

Redocly CLI v1 is currently in archive mode, but still can receive bug fixes.

To release a new version, follow these steps:

1. Create a new branch from **v1** and open a PR to **v1** branch.
2. Add a changeset.
3. Merge the PR to **v1** branch.

> That creates a new release PR which should be merged to release the new **v1** version under the `v1` tag.
> The **v1** branch is no longer connected with the **main** branch.
> Copypaste the changelog entry to the main branch manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, a new release PR is created.  
After you merge the changes, a new **v1** version under the `v1` tag is released.
The **v1** branch is no longer connected to the **main** branch.
Copy and paste the changelog entry to the main branch manually.
```

   This triggers a release of the current branch changes to the **NPM** registry under the `snapshot` tag.

The released version can be installed with `npm install @redocly/cli@snapshot`.

### Release a V1 version

Redocly CLI v1 is currently in archive mode, but still can receive bug fixes.

> To release a new version, switch to the `v1` branch and follow the steps described in the Contribution guide.

Reviewer: By "Contribution guide", do you mean this file?

Author: @JLekawa yes, but on a different branch.
